Sean watched the fire spit and crackle in the pit. He sat, leaning with his forearms on his bare legs and watching the mosquitos come and go. He lifted his head and glanced across the fire at Leah. She was sitting on a log, licking marshmallow from her fingers.

Sean pushed his elbows into his thighs and lifted himself up, trying to act causal. He pushed his hands deep in his pockets and strode over to Leah and asked, "Mind if I use your marshmallow stick?" as he picked it up from between her feet.

Leah tucked her chin to her chest and glancing up at him said, "Sure, no problem. I've had enough for one night."

Sean couldn't tell if she was blushing or if the heat of the fire was making her cheeks turn red. He squatted near the fire, holding the marshmallow a safe distance from the flame. He could feel the heat from Leah's bare leg against his arm. Satisfied that the marshmallow was warmed and melted he sat down on the log, a mere inch or two from Leah. He peeked out the corner of his eye and saw her quickly avert her glance at him. He wanted more than anything to put his arm on
her shoulder and pull her close but his fingers were sticky with melted marshmallow.

Despite the cooler night air, Sean was beginning to sweat. He had waited all summer for this camping trip. He knew this would be the one time when the boys and girls would be around the campfire together and it was his chance to make his move and grab his first kiss. If he was lucky, he might even cop a feel.

His ears were buzzing from the blood pumping through his body as he imagined their lips touching. His heart beating faster, sweat starting to pool under his armpits. He was about to make his move when the camp leader shouted, "And there was the HOOK!' and all the girls around the campfire shrieked, and to his wonderful delightful surprise Leah turned to him, grabbing him in her arms and hugging him in fear.

Sean sat with his arms softly but firmly around Leah's back, smiling. Tonight was gonna be his lucky night."
