Michelle Bergin
Timeline

Work on probability and how I can normalize my data. How I can increase a variable when correlation is strong and decrease a variable when correlation is weaker but at a much smaller rate than I am. With thousands of words my end result tends towards 0. Even words that should increase correlation, aren't.

For the above problem my goal is to study this specifically and my due date is Friday Feb 15th

My second goal for this date is to pull out a book you lent me and try to find something I can focus on as well. (Friday Feb 15th)

The week after that is to test if my new mathematics seem to be working.

    If not: I need to re-evaluate my tactics and I will give my self one more week to accomplish this (Friday Feb 21st)

    If do: I will look into working with the writing center to get short stories (About one paragraph) of what the writer considers to be a reflection of a specific emotion (One that my data set checks for) I will then run it through my program. I would also like to have people read this paragraph and tell me what emotion they think is closest. I give my self 1 - 2 weeks depending on other human availability. So my hopeful goal will be (Friday Feb 21st)

A third goal that I have in between all this when I get frustrated is to turn my program into a graphical interface that is very generic. Reading different types of files is important. If I am reading a play, I am looking at a different structure of text rather than a book.

My goal: To be able to choose whether the text is a book or play
    To isolate speech vs the rest (Which so far is different for a play. I have seen no quotations for Shakespears plays)
    To save data and load data so that if I want to work on a lot of text vs. just one. Maybe I have a 5 book series and I want the overall emotion of a series. Is this possible!? I don't know but I want the choice.
    The GUI will have this and a way to load the files you need. And a process button.


That is all that I can think of now.
